I have opened see people have gotten a
just over 10 minutes here I'm gonna
follow up with about the same she just
said but you want to have the
opportunity this seat is open if you
want to jump into it as we're gonna be
wrapping up here soon so is ours when it
was just telling us in expertise so a
couple points that you know I take away
from that so I was making her income
through affiliate links in the only way
that you're gonna make money
an affiliate links is it you drive
enough traffic to your links so
obviously if she is making money off her
legs she must actually be good at
driving traffic to her site in what
she's teaching you on her site is how to
drive traffic to your site it she's
giving it to you for free so one of the
things that I would recommend here for
the people watching this is to make sure
to go ahead and go to traffic generation
Kathy and check out the things that is
teaching on her site because the things
that she's teaching must obviously be
working and you're able to learn about
all that stuff for free and she told you
right now and her answer that she's not
spending all her time on her site doing
some type of card sales pitch trying to
get you to buy stuff she doesn't like
selling she doesn't want to do sales is
something that just happens it's a
deadly or so make sure that you do check
out her site and read the information
that she has there to learn about how
you can drive more traffic to your site
as well because obviously in just
approximately one hour conversation
we're only gonna be able to cover so
much here and I know how long have you
been running this traffic generation
kept a site so it she's got four years
worth articles in she did mention
earlier about the idea of what you need
to do is 20% content creation and then
eighty percent
marketing that transcends used to follow
that same ratio and now with your
constant or are you getting enough
traffic to your site that you really can
focus more on let me just produced
content as I've already got people
coming to my site
well for marcia never ends it doesn't
matter what level you are and they look
at Manish is still promoting and she is
at the point where she actually taking
your client's because she does but
creating the buzz about our business
never end so that I still follow the
racial I published at least once a week
a traffic generation cafe mostly because
I do on Saturdays suppose all week
markings and that's where I just get my
reader suggestions on what happened to
the marketing industry and what kind of
news that their business and they could
come and learn everything that he missed
during the week and it's very very handy
for a publish that at least once a week
in there so that's weekly and then maybe
I publish another
so as you can see I don't publish I
don't write content all the time in
right now sitting and writing a blog
post on here talking to you mark and she
yours because it's important because it
never does
you see all the big bloggers out there
are called tranches plans because it's
not important because it never ends
you know nobody sits morals and say okay
not enough money making and mining will
just follow you always have to 80% of
the time was whatever it is that's out
there now with its content
your product or service whatever it is
it never ends
absolutely agreed and just like saying
not only is she here talking to me right
now but obviously I'm here talking to
her right now and so what that means I'm
not doing is the right now I'm not
creating blog post I'm not adding new
lecture obtaining courses I'm not
working on creating another course and
you know I do a prep session or these
interviews that goes into the interviews
aside from doing the interview then
there's the follow-up time that I once
the interview in the replay is ready and
I'll get the stuff so there's all this
activity that we need to put in a round
between the marketing and hey I'm at the
very beginning of this and I gotta tell
you it's something that I had to come
around you because I made that same
mistake when I found out about you to me
I'm gonna go to use these courses I'm
gonna put him in the marketplace i'm
start selling the courses in his big fat
zero for me and I had to take a step
back and realize I don't have an
audience I don't have that know like and
trust I don't have been established at
expertise and I need to get out there
and do more to establish a personal
brand into getting some recognition in
so I had to recalibrate the things that
I've done is well to say okay yeah I
could keep banging my head against the
wall
producing more and more content but if
it's not true sixty sails I'm just
spinning my wheels and I've gotta be
willing to put in some more time to
build a relationship to that expertise
in to be doing those marketing things
here and so you can see that I'm totally
on board because these are the things
that I'm that I'm doing right now let's
see if I've got one quick thing I don't
know that we'll be able to one more
thing in here in five minutes
without running over so I'm gonna look
over what I got here in my notes quickly
to see if there is one last comment
we can make to wrap things up here
David put yours on black right now and
he's someone who does the job without
ever promoting it and building kind of
the Lions most likely without him ever
having to ask but I see him where I mean
all blogs social media Discussions it's
hard to expertise extends out so well
John glass David you know he you wait
sessions free Google Analytics session
with me all the things that I'm doing
right and wrong that it keeps that
eventually work paid off
lab right now and says hey how can I
make money off right
hang out here because he wants to learn
what she wants to be around he was in
and it's perfect that's what we all meet
you all the time he's promoting his
business without promoting himself right
now because I really does work wonders I
think that's a nice way to wrap things
up here in folks if you look at the jet
stream actually this is a perfect ending
to this black cast right now because
David came into the lab said here's
david on the black he's promoting
himself without having to promote him
she catches my attention of this person
here she's getting some respect him and
so I just a note to the lab so I need to
do a blood test with you and he comes
back and says I'd love to do it so
I can't come up with a better way to
wrap this up here then they did you just
got a chance to see the proof right an
action that we've got a new relationship
that is just being built here and you
better believe them to be following up
on it because this was such a wonderful
chance to have with Ayanna here and
learn from her experience and oh my gosh
she just told me what an amazing person
david is so now I'm all pumped up and
excited that I wanna get need to have
him on my show is well so we can so
thank you thank you thank you for being
on the show and I had a wonderful
conversation with you I hope that all of
you enjoy the conversation is well get a
chance to see her eyes while I grab one
more link so you can know where to find
this year so go ahead on a thanks for
being on the show was you know this is
everything that we talked about in
action
David so glad you joined here in the
past few minutes everything I said was
mark thank you so much for helping me I
absolutely had a blast thank you
everybody who has been watching and will
be watching and do visit me a traffic
generation left yet chat windows get
back to the replay I'll make sure to put
a couple of other lanes in here and get
those lakes edited at replays well so
you had easy access to the things that
you records thank you all for being here
I hope you all have a wonderful day and
I guess it's Friday so for some of you
it may be time to time to call it a day
and head into the weekend so I wish all
of you a wonderful weekend as well thank
you again for being